there's sort of two models that people
come and sass does does revenue drive
head count or does head count drive
revenue
and it sounds like you're you're
squarely in the former camp that you
derive head count from revenue
no no i actually drive revenue from head
count but i make sure i have enough
stock to weigh
i any revenue that's generated in viva
is because of people well for sure yeah
and you gotta
you gotta hire those if you want revenue
four years from now
you got to hire those people now yeah
right we're starting up a brand new
probably our biggest product area to
date and this year we hired 30 people
those people produce real good revenue
for viva
four or five years down the road that's
when that will be a hundred plus million
dollar business
but you gotta hire them now so revenue
follows the people
how do you think of related that how do
you think about
how many of your sales teams should
perform like how do you think about that
do you believe in that bell-shaped
distribution
development sales sales people if
you're waiting four years further and
perform it's terrible if you have that
attrition isn't it yeah
no i'm really thinking more about the
product the ingredients and the product
people that's like a soup that
that has a they they start to hit their
stride the product has a four-year
cooking cycle right it's a soup they're
like oh my god
i want to eat it four years from now i
got to start cooking it now really
that's that's not good
but yeah product takes a long time with
sales you know we have a philosophy that
we say we don't
we don't over cover so we want to leave
top line revenue on the table we don't
want to get all the top line revenue
because if we if we push all the way for
that we will get some inefficiencies and
that's not so good
but also we will get bad customer
feeling yeah because a desperate rep
will do desperate things
and the reps in front of the customer
and they'll feel it
you don't want those desperate things do
you no because for us we have many
customers
that are you know they're over 20 well
over 20 million dollars a year
customers from us do we want them ever
having have relationships right yeah
this is these are 20-year relationships
do we want somebody in there saying i
gotta close this thing on
my quarter because of my commission and
i don't really care that you're paying
us 20 million
a year so you the way you do that is you
you don't you
sacrifice top line revenue and you don't
put too many reps on there
so then the rep is not desperate
you